xiao of police of barrabravas of Argentineans platense the classic that stops
whoever looks at it is not a classic kid
the violence of three or four that contaminated the rest this time was
absent
the classic
not so good but at least football
and the best thing about football is the goal
the center we discussed after his long breath found at 10 minutes the
fernando móner's celebration
He peeled ahead of everyone and put squid 1 to 0
important the balance not ninth minute and that one went to it
encouraging the team
and thanking the delivery that this team had
because we the other traveled 90 minutes
and we left everything and the game in such a tiring game how can we now live
today we are all too, so what is important is what has affected the
swollen that
What did you notice when the game ended the bloated
he thanked us for everything that this team offered
and for us it is very important
platense agreement for martí chiqui ledesma lost in the middle red
took the opportunity to win their backs
all face to face with the network
defeated and this topped off incredibly deviated
blessed tired of stealing balls commander in it proved on offense
found the fingers of pontiroli
platense ordered
it was more
that those of chiche soda
but the only thing d'escoto reached to tie
in 9 faced and had to turn
execution of free kick and deception for all
he limited
recently only kingfisher
with a strong shot up
the game was one to one
dominguez blacksmith who really important I'm not a classic yes no
it is a very important point sum
the bridge we are before one
we have been the ones who have managed to enter
this was all from the first time
and if you want to see something else because it is from Argentines or platense
will have to wait until the next match
it does not boost the cameramen but without doubt these bored ones dreamed of the
red
of spending too much at 22
the pontoon
cool
he could make the difference
we in the center behind him says the unparalleled Argentine act
and at 42 or rather at 87 after the goals the third
emotion
gonzález
in the best was the only play of the game
hit him from above
to not clash with what has been seen until today
we are like that the frost
nobody and now is trying to regain the power that I had really very tired
efe
How can we understand year in Tokyo's dome
we played three away matches and at this point of 1 5 point I think there are
that is good there was always beyond just starting and that they have only
two points on nine presentations
It is an honor
Rhodes of the world together in that has three loans 2 + 1 in the new balance of the x1
an amount of bs